c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.dll.config
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.pdb
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\obj\Debug\StudyGuide.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\obj\Debug\StudyGuide.dll
c:\users\mbusomkhize\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StudyGuide\StudyGuide\obj\Debug\StudyGuide.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\obj\Debug\StudyGuide.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.dll.config
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\NetOffice.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\OfficeApi.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Common.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Framework.Core.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Framework.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Logic.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Unity.Mvc5.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\VBIDEApi.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\stdole.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Common.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Framework.Core.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Framework.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\StudyGuide.Logic.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\NetOffice.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\OfficeApi.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\VBIDEApi.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\obj\Debug\StudyGuide.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\obj\Debug\StudyGuide.pdb
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Oauth2.v2.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.Oauth2.v2.xml
C:\Users\MbusoMkhize\Documents\studyguide\StudyGuide\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
